Fix Link (#870)
viperproject/gobra: docs/tutorial.md

- Not part of the Go language and declared with the keyword `pred`.
- Typically used to abstract over assertions and to specify the shape of recursive data structures.

> - See the [section on predicates](#first-class-predicates) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See the [section on predicates](#predicates-1) for details.
```
